README.md, before:

Sapphire C# Client
=====================================

Description
----------------
This project is a .NET C# implementation of a client that connects to the [Sapphire Server Engine] [1]. It can be used to build C# games that utilize the server, and also works within the Unity game engine.

License
----------------
The Sapphire C# Client
Copyright (c) Ryan Rule-Hoffman, All rights reserved.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 3.0 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library.


Usage
----------------
To utilize the client, add the assembly to your .NET project.

Dependencies
----------------
This project has no dependencies other then the core .NET class library.

Build Instructions
----------------
Compile the project within MonoDevelop or Visual Studio.

Install Instructions
----------------
Coming soon!

[1]:https://github.com/ry60003333/sapphire-engine

Commit message:

Added install instructions for MonoDevelop on Linux.

README.md, after:

Sapphire C# Client
=====================================

Description
----------------
This project is a .NET C# implementation of a client that connects to the [Sapphire Server Engine] [1]. It can be used to build C# games that utilize the server, and also works within the Unity game engine.

License
----------------
The Sapphire C# Client
Copyright (c) Ryan Rule-Hoffman, All rights reserved.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 3.0 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library.


Usage
----------------
To utilize the client, add the assembly to your .NET project.

Dependencies
----------------
This project has no dependencies other then the core .NET class library.

Build Instructions
----------------
Compile the project within MonoDevelop or Visual Studio.

Install Instructions
----------------
To install MonoDevelop on Linux, follow the instructions at http://www.monodevelop.com/download/linux/.

[1]:https://github.com/ry60003333/sapphire-engine
